This lesson we're going to be concluding the memory game that we've been working on earlier.
So usually when you're building out these types of applications it's always a good idea to just make
sure that the rules are working as intended so go through and you usually do need to play the game a
few times.
So to make sure that everything is working properly because that's the best way to tell if you've got
some bugs within your script.
So everything seems to be working properly and we actually don't have any way to finish the game as
of yet so let's create that within a function so we know that we're checking and we're getting our last
matches over here.
So this is where whenever we're finding a match this is where we're getting the last matches.
So we know that if there's a final match then this is the point where we can finish and conclude our
game play.
So let's see.
And do one condition here.
And if this condition is true then we're going to launch a function called Game Over.
So what do you think that condition could be.
It's member that we're expanding this Saray length.
We're actually depositing more and more items into the full array.
So we know that the full array length if it gets to a certain length or if it equals another array of
length then we're finished the game and we know that the tiler rate is the one that we originally built
the game board out of.
So we know that the tile array length if it's actually equal to the number of we that we've selected
then the game is over.
So that's all we have to do we have to just find one condition that we know when it's true.
And if it is true that this is our point where we can select the game ending.
So now let's build out the functions so we know that at this point the game is actually over.
So function and game over is the function that we're doing.
So I usually like to break things up as much as possible within functions.
Because this makes it a lot more versatile and flexible.
And then if you do have something to update or fix you can just simply jump into the function that's
handling that task.
And this is the whole idea with functions that you give each one particular job to handle and the more
you can break up these jobs the better your code is going to be because that's going to give you the
ability to really fine tune all the different pieces working pieces of your of your application.
So now we know that game is over.
So game over game over or type game over into the message area.
The other thing that we need we need our start button box or the one that we got rid of earlier.
Let's bring that start button back.
So going back to where we started the game.
So we've got SATB display none.
So in the game over let's display it again and you do that by doing.
BLOCK So what else do we need.
Whenever we finish up the game.
So we need to set our game play over to false.
So let's.
So just as we've done here so going into where we're starting and this is going to give us a lot of
hints as to what we need to reset.
So we know we're setting our game play to true when we're playing that game.
So I know that whenever the game is over we need to set to false.
So a lot of what we're doing is we're actually going to be resetting our values back to what they were
when we started the game and we have to empty out a couple or raise as well.
So what I want you to do now pause the video and empty out there raise that we need to review this when
we start the game again.
So take a get a look at the different arrays that we have available where we've got the tile array where
we're building out this one and the tile images and so on.
So we need to zero out some of these arrays.
And the main array that we have to zero out is this one here that holds all of the flipped over cards.
So make sure that you get one and that you zero that when it and there's another one that we have to
zero out as well.
And you may or may not need to do this one.
So that's the tile images.
And the reason we have to zero tile images is because we push into it and when we build our array.
So typically if we already have a bunch of images that we're using we can simply place them into tile
images and we won't have to do that.
It's only because now we're kind of doing it dynamically.
So we're building that out every time.
So this is why we want to have the ability to zero that.
So now we should be good to go and do one last practice round of our game.
So we click it and we've got our images showing and now we just got to make sure that our game actually
ends and we can start the game again.
That we can make the game even more challenging by adding different images we can add in different values.
We get out in even more tiles if we want as well.
So there we go sorry.
Game is over and we're ready to start again.
And there's another thing that maybe we need to clear out and we need to clear out that game board.
So let's go out and grab a game board.
So we've got a game board down here so let's update the inner h to smell of game board and we're just
going to simply clear all of that out on that game over.
So go over to their inner HMO and we're just going to equal that to blank.
So there we go.
So now we should be able to start again and we are locked out.
So everything seems to be working properly.
And again it's always a good idea to play it through a few times just to make sure that you're not seeing
any bugs or not picking up any new bugs that you might not have noticed before.
So everything seems to be working on the second round through the game.
So everything worked properly there as well.
And this time we know that we've added in that we're clearing the game board.
So now it's up to you to take that code and to work with it make some updates to it make some changes
to it.
And there's quite a lot of things that you can do as well to condense it and streamline it.
And also of course if you want spend some time and style it nice.
I did some really cool images in order to enhance the gameplay.
There's quite a lot of things you can do and the code is yours.
It's within the source code.
And take a look at it and work through it make some updates to it make some changes and make some improvements
to the current game.